add support for self-managed app search (#6)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elastic_app_search: docs/index.asciidoc

==== Description

This output lets you send events to the Elastic App Search solution, 

> both the https://www.elastic.co/downloads/app-search[Self-Managed] or 

Reviewer: nitpick: the mix of capital-words and hyphenation in `Self-Managed` vs `managed service` feels inconsistent.

To keep the timestamp field, set this value to the name of the field where you want `@timestamp` copied.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-url"]
===== `url`

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * There is no default value

> The value of the API endpoint in the form of a URL. The URL will be appended with the value of the `path` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the API endpoint in the form of a URL. Note: The value of the of the `path` setting will be will be appended to this URL.
```
